Alex Heger - AM HOT LINE only
Anthony Schmidt - the Executive Chef. Ususally works AM shift but technically can work any role anytime.
Becca Liptak  the pastry chef and works part time. usually 3 days a week between Tuesday-Friday 6:00am - 3:00pm. Really she makes her own schedule.
Beck Labrie - PM Salad
Benjamin Franklin - AM/PM He is a manager/Sous Chef
Bradyn Jenkins - Pool Staff
Carson Evans - PM Salad/Fry
Christian Aaron - AM/PM mixed few days a week. will change every week. (need to get availability)
Christopher Jackson - PM Sautee
Darnell Crawford - Pool
Darryl Darling - AM Dish 5 days a week
Dennis Cummings - PM Fry/Flat Top 5 days a week
Dewinston Blanton - AM He takes care of The Turn 5 days a week but can work Salad/Hot Line/Pool
Etain Oh - AM/PM Banquet and Salad 5 days a week
Etta Bybee - PM 3 days a week Char
Everett Dobbs - PM can work Fry, Char, Flat top, and Sautee. Pizza wagon with Matthew Biebel on Wednesdays. Banquets every now and then when needed.
Germinator - AM/PM Dish 3 days a week. Mondays always depending on Event/Banquet times. Sunday mornings
John Whalen - Pool 2nd in command under Kevin McGee. 4 days a week. He covers the manager spot the 2 days Kevin has off.
Jonathan Blanton - PM Dish 5 days a week.
Jyanelli Rosas - AM/PM mix 3 days a week. same situation as Christian Aaron
Keelin Anderson - AM/PM He is the other manager/Sous Chef. 5 days a week. Runs Sunday Brunch
Kenessa Marshall - Pool 3 days a week
Kevin McGee - Pool main manager/runs pool operations 4 days a week
Lamondre Cummings - PM Sautee 5 days a week
Matt Cone - AM/PM Banquet mostly but works Hot Line and/or Salad 1 morning. 5 days a week
Matthew Biebel - AM/PM Banquets and Pizza Wagon. 5 days a week no Mondays.
Matthew Luce - Pool 4 days a week
Mel Winfert - AM/PM Salad and Hot Line and Banquets when needed. Covers The Turn the two days Dewinston Blanton is scheduled off.
Rico Struckoff - AM Salad Wednesdays only
Ryan Coffee (me) - Im not the "owner" I am the Banquet and Events Chef/Manager. I work 5 days a week strictly Banquets. Every Monday that there is an event.
Scott Gestring - AM Hotline 5 days a week
Tyler Kemry - AM/PM He is the Chef De Cuisine/Manager works 5 days a week